hey guys what's up it's mr. v ran here
today I have a very exciting unboxing
here I have the 32 gigabyte white ipad 2
and let's just get straight on into this
waited in a pretty big line at Best Buy
and got lucky and got my hands on one
and really excited to see what this
thing can do here we go didn't want to
blabber on too much i'm sure you guys
want to see this thing so here we go
it's open hello here's the note here we
go here we go who we got oh man oh my
gosh hey let their I am I don't care wow
wow man this thing is amazing oh and
pass out oh my gosh alright just really
quickly you know what this is the wall
charger you guys know it I don't care
about this stuff look at this this is
the white oh my gosh it's beautiful it's
beautiful good it ipad 32 gigabyte let's
go and take a look at everything yeah
the beautiful HD camera up here sleep
block button you guys know what all this
is headphone jack i'm not sure what that
is maybe a mic alright maybe no screen
lock mute switch whatever you want to
call it volume rockers a very nice new
improved speaker there looks like covers
a lot more than old one and the dock
connector and wow this thing is
then this is incredible this is the
white it's different looking and I kind
of like it I'm going to try to get my
hands on a smart cover for you guys so I
can review that and definitely check
that thing out we got the front facing
camera there the home button really hard
to see the pretty shiny and wow let's go
ahead and take this thing off oh jeez
how much dropped Oh heart attack come on
baby come on baby come on oh alright
guys i'm going to set this thing up i'm
going to do i compare some video of this
between the original ipad and may put
some speed tests up just to get as much
coverage as I can as fast as I can so
for you guys thank you guys for watching
this is the brand-new white iPad to
check that out it is gorgeous thank you
guys for watching please stay tuned to
more ipad 2 coverage now see guys soon
he's